v3 migration docs (#5853)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/v2-migration.md

# Migrating from MSAL 2.x to MSAL 3.x

If you are new to MSAL, you should start [here](initialization.md).

> If you are coming from [MSAL v1.x](../../msal-core/), you should check [this guide](v1-migration.md) first to migrate to [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/).

Reviewer: Can we have someone hop from v1 to v3?

Author: I think it is totally possible, isn't it?

Reviewer 2: Yes this is possible given the minimal changes in v3. Perhaps instead of suggesting a migration from v1 to v2 and then a second migration from v2 to v3 we can suggest that they simply need to follow the steps in both docs to migrate from v1 to v3

Author: That's what the v2 guide suggests now. First check the v1 guide and then follow next steps.

> If you are coming from [MSAL v1.x](../../msal-common/), you should check [this guide](v1-migration.md) first to migrate to [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are coming from [MSAL v1.x](../../msal-core/), you should check [this guide](v1-migration.md) first to migrate to [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/).
```

Author: Fixed, thank you

If you are coming from [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/), you can follow this guide to update your code to use [MSAL v3.x](../../msal-browser/).

## Update your code

In MSAL v2.x, you created an application instance as below:

```javascript
import * as msal from "@azure/msal-browser";

const msalConfig = {
    auth: {
        clientId: 'your_client_id'
    }
};

const msalInstance = new msal.PublicClientApplication(msalConfig);
```

> In MSAL v3.x, you should initialize the application object as well. There are several options at your disposal:

Reviewer 3: Nit: I think we need to make it clear it's mandatory.
```suggestion
In MSAL v3.x, you must initialize the application object as well. There are several options at your disposal:
```

Author: Fixed

### Option 1

Instantiate a `PublicClientApplication` object and initialize it afterwards. The `initialize` function is asynchronous and must resolve before invoking other MSAL.js APIs.

```javascript
import * as msal from "@azure/msal-browser";

const msalConfig = {
    auth: {
        clientId: 'your_client_id'
    }
};

const msalInstance = new msal.PublicClientApplication(msalConfig);
await msalInstance.initialize();
```

### Option 2

Invoke the `createPublicClientApplication` static method which returns an initialized `PublicClientApplication` object. Note that this function is asynchronous.

```javascript
import * as msal from "@azure/msal-browser";

const msalConfig = {
    auth: {
        clientId: 'your_client_id'
    }
};

const msalInstance = await msal.PublicClientApplication.createPublicClientApplication(msalConfig);
```

> All other APIs are backward compatible with [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/). It is recommended to take a look at the [wam broker sample](../../../samples/msal-browser-samples/VanillaJSTestApp2.0/app/wamBroker) to see a working example of MSAL v3.0.

Reviewer 2: I think at this point the "wam broker sample" is redundant and should be removed. We can link to the default sample here instead.

Reviewer 3: We may need to update the default sample to not use the allowNativeBroker: false flag

Reviewer 2: Sure, and probably have it call initialize as well, yeah? Think I would prefer to consolidate given this is default behavior now

Reviewer 3: Agreed, basically we have to apply this migration guide to the default sample.

Author: Updated the link to the default sample.

# Migrating from MSAL 2.x to MSAL 3.x

If you are new to MSAL, you should start [here](initialization.md).

> If you are coming from [MSAL v1.x](../../msal-core/), you should check [this guide](v1-migration.md) first to migrate to [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/) and then follow next steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are currently using [MSAL v1.x](../../msal-core/), please complete the steps in the [v1 to v2 migration guide](v1-migration.md) first before continuing with the rest of this guide.
```

### Option 1

Instantiate a `PublicClientApplication` object and initialize it afterwards. The `initialize` function is asynchronous and must resolve before invoking other MSAL.js APIs.

```javascript
import * as msal from "@azure/msal-browser";

const msalConfig = {
    auth: {
        clientId: 'your_client_id'
    }
};

const msalInstance = new msal.PublicClientApplication(msalConfig);
await msalInstance.initialize();
```

### Option 2

Invoke the `createPublicClientApplication` static method which returns an initialized `PublicClientApplication` object. Note that this function is asynchronous.

```javascript
import * as msal from "@azure/msal-browser";

const msalConfig = {
    auth: {
        clientId: 'your_client_id'
    }
};

const msalInstance = await msal.PublicClientApplication.createPublicClientApplication(msalConfig);
```

All other APIs are backward compatible with [MSAL v2.x](../../msal-browser/). It is recommended to take a look at the [default sample](../../../samples/msal-browser-samples/VanillaJSTestApp2.0) to see a working example of MSAL v3.0.

## Key changes

### Browser support

> MSAL.js dropped support for the following browsers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MSAL.js no longer supports the following browsers:
```

- IE 11
- Edge (Legacy)

### Package dependencies

Typescript version was bumped from `3.8.3` to `4.9.5`.

### Compiler options

Module/target versions were bumped from `es6`/`es5` to `es2020`/`es2020` respectively.

### CDN

> CJS builds are no longer hosted on a CDN. Check [this doc](cdn-usage.md) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MSAL.js is no longer hosted on a CDN. Check [this doc](cdn-usage.md) for more details.
```
